Recommend installing python-libmodulemd (#280)
fedora-modularity/libmodulemd: README.md

from gi.repository import Modulemd
```

> It's highly recommended that you install `python-libmodulemd`, which will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's highly recommended that you install `python2-libmodulemd` or `python3-libmodulemd`, which will
```
